THREAT-SPACE SEARCH:

FOUR: is defined as a line of five squares, of which the attacker has occupied any four, with the
	fifth square empty;
STRAIGHT FOUR: a line of six squares, of which the attacker has occupied the four center squares,
	while the two outer squares are empty;
THREE: is either a line of seven squares of which the three center squares are occupied by the attacker,
	and the remaining four squares are empty, or a line of six squares, with three consecutive squares
	of the four center squares occupied by the attacker, and the remaining three squares empty;
BROKEN THREE: is a line of six squares of which the attacker has occupied three non-consecutive squares
	of the four center squares, while the other three

	squares are empty.
GAIN SQUARE: of a threat is the square played by the attacker.
COST SQUARE: of a threat are the squares played by the defender, in response to the threat.
REST SQUARE: of a threat are the squares containing a threat possibility; the gain square excepted.

DEPENDENCY: Threat A is dependent on threat B, if a rest square of A is the gain square of B.
DEPENDENCY TREE: of a threat A is the tree with root A and consisting of dependent nodes only, viz.
	the children of each node J are the threats dependent on J.
DEPENDENCY CONFLICT: Two dependency trees P and Q are in conflict, if within dependency tree P a threat A exists and
	within dependency tree Q a threat B, in such a way that (1) the gain square of A is cost square in
	B, or (2) vice versa, or (3) a cost square in A is
	also cost square in B.

If no winning line had been found => PROOF-NUMBER SEARCH is started
Then all defensive moves must be investigated in order to guarantee a correct evaluation of internal nodes

RESULT:
1. the tree must be split in a few hundred subtrees.
2. the results of each calculation (the solution of a subtree) has to be stored in a database;
3. the results of all calculations must be merged into a final tree, containing the solution;
4. the solution in the final tree must be inspected on consistency and completeness.
